

 Believe you can and you're halfway there.

 The only way to do great work is to love what you do.

 Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.

 Your limitation—it's only your imagination.

 Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.

 Great things never come from comfort zones.

 Dream it. Wish it. Do it.

 Success doesn't just find you. You have to go out and get it.

 The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it.

 Dream bigger. Do bigger.

 Don't stop when you're tired. Stop when you're done.

 Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.

 Do something today that your future self will thank you for.

 Little things make big days.

 It's going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.

 Don't wait for opportunity. Create it.

 Sometimes we're tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths.

 The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles.

 Dream it. Believe it. Build it.

 Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.

 The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.

 You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.

 It always seems impossible until it's done.

 The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.

 Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.

 Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny.

 Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you greater than any obstacle.

 The secret of getting ahead is getting started.

 Opportunities don't happen. You create them.

 Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.

 I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.

 Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear.

 You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.

 Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right.

 The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.

 Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.

 What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.

 Fall seven times, stand up eight.

 When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let it go.

 Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.

 Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.

 Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.

 The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.

 If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.

 Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart.

 You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.

 The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.

 Difficulties in life are intended to make us better, not bitter.

 Believe in the power of your dreams.

 Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.
